You trash
You can't even persuade your father to change his mind
It's all my fault
Can't help your highness
Your Highness
Watch has another skill that allows you to achieve your wishes
How are you staying?
Father is unwilling to give his full help to His Highness
It's because my sister has an affair with the regent
So the father can still suppress the regent
But with her great-father's daughter Xie Linglong's fondness for the regent
If he becomes a princess
Jiang Wanyue and the regent must break up
Father can only support you, Your Highness
Oops hahaha
It's just that I still need the help of the Queen at this time
My future empress birthday banquet
This is the best time to launch Xie Linglong
OK
Just do it.
Linglong wishes the queen aunt Qianxiao's birthday
Wish to dance
I wish the empress good health
Wanfujin is safe
Chen's female friendship puzzles
Want the regent to back track for Chen